So now, it's time for
us to create a new resolver.
And you can create resolvers
that are on a per type basis.
So we're gonna create two new
resolver on a per type basis,
one is gnna be called User.ts and
one's Tweet.ts.
Just gonna finish up the backend work here
before we move to the front end here.
So, on the website,
you can see that we have in this
inner resolvers section,
we've got our User.ts resolver.
Let's paste that in here, and
then we'll do the same thing for tweets.
We'll look at this code real
carefully once we paste it.
All right, an auto format, if you like.
All right, one more thing we have to do,
and that is in our Resolvers.ts,
that sort of stitches
everything thing together.
This is where we want something like this,
user and tweet and
we want to import those here,
Just like that.
So what I added were these
import lines and I just sort of,
I'm assembling them all together.
You're trying to match what
the schema looks like, Right,
where you've got query,
you've got user, you've got suggestion.
You don't need to have
all of them necessarily.
But anytime you're doing what we're about
to do, with these nested deeper fields,
you will end up doing something like this,
but
the structures of these
things should match.
Okay, and
everything is type checking properly now,
because, remember, we ran-yarn-codegen
immediately after our schema changes.
So finally, I wanna talk about
the code that we just pasted.
So let's look at our User.ts.
So this is for stats, right?
This is user stats, this would be the
stuff that's at the top of the Twitter UI,
this stuff up here, following, followers,
tweets, these are three counts.
And you can see we're faking two of them,
just because I don't want you to
have to do repetitive stuff here.
And we don't have the concept
of following in this model, so
we're just putting a fudge number there.
Here we're saying getUserTweets, so
that gives us an array of tweets, and
we get the length of that list.
And something new here,
this first argument, user.
So what's happening here in terms of
the flow of what's calling into what,
when you make that top level query for
current user,
if someone has requested stats,
this will be called first.
And then whatever this returns,
when you get into this user.stats thing,
you'll have whatever the top
level resolver returned,
you'll have access to that.
So that's how we're able to call user.id.
Now, we're making a call
to our database here.
I don't think this is a problem, because
we're getting the current user once.
This is not something that's happening for
each tweet.
We're not requesting stats there.
This would be a problem if
we're doing this a 100 times.
You could end up with 101 database
queries, one for every stats and
then one for the user, right?
Or sorry, you'd have one for
the list of tweets,
and then on a per user basis, potentially,
one or more queries, it'd be pretty awful.
But in this case,
this is appropriate, right?
And we're just getting this array,
getting its length.
Let's see what happens
in our Apollo Studio.
So we're gonna ask for
currentUser > stats, and
let's get everything that they have there.
So just to format it real nice.
Boom, so we haven't tweeted at all
with this user, which is fine,
this is to be expected, and
here are the numbers that are coming out.
I see question in chat.
What did I put in f.tsx?
I have not touched my client side
code quite yet for this step
So we can consider the back
end work pretty much done, but
let's talk about the tweet stats here.
So we'll want tweets > body > stats, and
let's just do a favorite count, run it.
So we see different favorite counts here,
we see 1, we see 4,
and here's the body coming through.
So this is evidence that we're actually
counting stuff up in the back end.
We can get even more confidence about that
by sort of picking apart this thing we
pasted into the tweet resolver.
So first off, here's our stats thing.
Here's us using this
TweetToFavoriteCountMap, just for
fun Let's log that out,
let's see what it looks like.
Fire it off, and look at that,
we've got tweet IDs and then numbers.
So this is the result of
us looping over them and
sort of just counting them and
incrementing by one.
It's no database call required for
this, and so
it's absolutely fine to do this for
each record, right?
So that's all that's happening here,
nothing too fancy.
And again,
because this is sort of a sub-resolver,
we see the parent object here is available
for us, which is what we need so
that we can use the proper ID,
right, this is called for each tweet.
So let's get that out of the way.
What about the user, the author,
right, which is of type user.
So this is where we can grab the tweet,
and
note that I am using this dbTweetCache.
So this is a common issue, right,
that we're trying to solve.
The Graph QL representation of
this object, when we say author,
what you expect to find there is
an object that represents the user.
But in the database representation,
let's see if we can go to
the type definition here.
Oops, wrong type definition.
I want the db tweet.
Here, we have a user ID, right?
So it's like the idea of, are we referring
to a user, or do we actually have a user?
That's why it's important for
us to have access to this database
representation of the tweet.
This tweet here is missing its author.
It is our job, in fact, to go and
find that author, right?
Tweet.author right now would be null.
So if we have this lower level
record that just has the user ID,
that's what's gonna let us grab
the user ID here and populate it.
And again, we're throwing wherever
we find that something's missing,
because this is a non-nullable field.
Or sorry, this is a nullable field,
but we wanna make sure that
we provide something reasonable
in the case where it fails.
So that's all this is,
we're just using these two caches.
No database queries here, because this
is gonna be to support a list of tweets,
and these will be called many times.
All right, so that's all of our back end
code we've walked through all of it.
In this next step, we're going
to consume this data in the UI.
The first thing we'll need to do in
the UI is we'll open up our App.tsx,
and we'll look at the GraphQL query
we have for getting the current user.
We're going to add something to
the current user piece of the query.
And you see,
I get a nice little autocomplete here
from the GraphQL, like VS Code extension.
So I want stats and
I want all of these in there.
Follower, following, and tweet count.
And it turns out that the fact that this
was missing here, that's what prevented
us from getting fully away from our
fixture data for the current user.
So if we were up here, you might notice,
nope, I guess this is also missing it.
In any case, I think that that's why
everything's falling back to zero,
because this was missing
in the first place.
In any case,
we can start wiring this through
that header component that we have.
And we should start seeing those
numbers are no longer zero.
So let's get rid of anywhere that we see,
This current user,
or just in this one place for
now, let's pass this instead.
So this should have real data and
let's check out our UI.
It's still 0.
You know why it's, well, no, I was
gonna say, we haven't tweeted yet, but
I should still have followers.
Let's log into the console and
see what's happening.
Sometimes there's a little caching issue
or you have to stop and restart things.
There's current user, and interesting,
I don't see stats coming through.
You know what it could be, I wonder if
we CodeGened on the client side, that
would be the first thing I'd wanna try.
I'm not getting a type error,
but it's worth a shot.
Cuz we did, yeah,
we did just add this here.
That could cause this problem.
Oop, there we go, that was it.
So, remember the code generation,
especially on the client side,
it's not just about types.
It's also about that function and
making sure that it's building
the GraphQL query properly.
So it's important that you do that,
even beyond just the type checking aspect.
The next thing we're gonna do
on the client side here is
wire up the list of tweets.
So remember we have that tweet,
top level query,
Up here, this is something we
just added in the previous step.
So we're going to
actually consume that and
start to get away from that fixture data,
the currently hard coded list of tweets.
So first thing we have to do here is
go to a timeline, react component.
And you can see here,
this is our fixture data.
This is Timeline.tsx.
We're going to add a new GraphQL query
that represents fetching this data.
And we can get rid of the fixture data,
by the way, we're gonna replace that.
So let's go to the course website.
Let's scroll down to this Tweets section,
and here is the stuff to add as an import,
right, since this is the first
query that we're using here.
Put that up top, and the new query.
And, of course, right after this,
what are we gonna have to run,
because we have changed the GraphQL stuff?
CodeGen, we're gonna
have to CodeGen again, so
that the types for this are built.
Great, and
this type error should go away shortly.
Well, now it's just telling us we
haven't used it yet, which is great.
Okay, we have some more stuff to add,
right, within the component.
So again, we're using this hook,
which is built on a per query basis,
it's part of what's generated for us.
The things it returns are a loading state,
an error,
if one exists, and then ultimately
the data that will come back.
This will be truthy,
once the data arrives.
So we're returning some trivial feedback
here in the event that things don't look
like they're going well.
And then if we look
like we have some data,
we can destructure it,
get the list of tweets.
So I'm gonna paste this in before
the return within the component.
So just some really simple feedback here,
you would want a much better
error handling experience, but
I don't wanna make this any more
complicated than it has to be.
So by the time we get down here,
tweets is, Of this type.
It's not a null,
it's definitely gonna be an array, and
the array is gonna
contain non-null things.
So perhaps, we can just iterate over this.
Let's replace this capital
TWEETS with the tweets.
And if that's es lint bugging me again
I will just, yep, tell it to [SOUND].
All right, and let's save it and
look back at our UI and
see what happened,
we have some more tweets here.
So this is stuff that's actually
coming from the database and
this is the evidence that we're
really wiring this app up.
We're starting to remove the fixture
data and power it with real things,
all through the GraphQL API.